# Bus_Ticket_Reservation
The core function of this management system is to allow passengers to book the ticket easily through online digital medium through a website on the internet. We can manage all the calculations, create a record, save that record in the database and update the database according to desire whether that record is online or it is book at that time.  
	To carry out processes everything needs to work like a system everything needs to work according to a set of rules if something or someone does not perform the way they should have to perform the system cannot function like it should function it cannot give us a desired output. So for every system to work correctly and smoothly every system needs to be managed or controlled. Just like a manager or supervisor controls every staff member of any company.  
              That kind of management is needed everywhere to ensure every cycle is functioning according to its capacity. Management is necessary wherever you produce a system which runs on a database to provide a calculated output based on a set of instructions. Similarly, nowadays bus ticket management is now also works under a system which nowadays are managed by computer based applications, all the calculations, databases and suggestions are managed by different software’s or management system created by that software’s. 
  	Bus ticket booking management is generally used for looking to provide a way to manage passengers, provide better services and more. 
